# San Simeon (DS9), Dawnline Shore // 15.2.5017u
Applicant,

We would like to thank you for your application to the **Karrakin Royal Cavalry College**. While we receive innumerable applications from across the Barony, we must constantly find only the strongest candidates to prove their mettle at our college. Our analysis of these applications is always fair, and we ensure that each application is fully realized before making our decisions. We understand this can be a joyous time for some, and disheartening for others.

Your personal results:  
We would like to formally congratulate you, lord kuirasser. Your application for the Karrakin Royal Cavalry College has been accepted, and you are hereby invited to the World to start your curriculum this upcoming semester in 2017u.

We look forward to your favourable response.

May you find the solar winds favourable,

Lance Commander **Kassiopeia Benini**  
Commandant of the Karrakin Royal Cavalry College

PS. Please note that your application has been accepted on the condition that you be sponsored by the **House of Order**. This sponsor was selected for you by the **Federal Karrakin Monarchy** in conjunction with the provisional **House of Promise**.

PPS. An itinerary has been included to help with orientation on your first week in the City, and an attendant will be assigned to assist with your familiarization of the school and locale.

# Gloria (DS11), Dawnline Shore // 25.11.5016u
> Students of the **Aumberjede BUC Institute of War and Technology** on **Gloria (DS11)**, it is now time to prove yourselves. The **House of Promise** has been proffered a unique opporunity; the Monarchy has decided that they will permit select pilots the opportunity for a full scholarship to the **Karrakin Royal Cavalry College** on Karrakis. We do not need to explain why this is such an honour and a privilege to be selected for this assignment.  
> To determine who is most fit for this task, the Institute will present its students with the chance to earn their place on the **1st Lance of Promise**. Students who meet the pre-qualification criteria (GPA 3.5+, passing marks on chassis training and maneuvers) and prove themselves most capable of piloting a chassis, competing in sporting events, and holding their own in the intellectual practices will be selected.  
> May you find the solar winds behind you.

\> *Letter from the Superintendent, **Aumberjede BUC Institute of War and Technology***

War colleges across the Interest send their representative elects to **Gloria (DS11)**, where a month-long string of examinations begin to sort out the best of the best.

Perhaps as a unit, or perhaps individually, the squad that will be known as the **1st Lance of Promise** will prove themselves valuable assets for this assignment.

# Karrakis, Karrakis // 23.7.5016u
In a show of good faith and diplomacy, the major houses have agreed to allow representatives from the (soon to be) **House of Promise** to send pilot elects to the **Karrakin Cavalry College** on Karrakis to represent the (soon to be) new major house.